---
slug: welcome-2024-2025
title: Welcome to UCL CS 2024 👋
authors: [peter, sara, harsh, ari]
tags: [welcome, 2024]
---

## Welcome to UCL CS!

Welcome to UCL Computer Science! 🎉

The academic year has just begun, and you'll soon be diving into your first programming classes. Whether you’re based in Bloomsbury or the East campus, the Programming Tutors are here to support you every step of the way.

To help you deal with the unknown, we prepared this website as a good launch point to [set up your environment](docs/set-up-environment)!

Throughout the year, you’ll be part of the Programming Tutor (PT) Scheme, organised by the UCL Department of Computer Science. Each PT group consists of one tutor and around 10 peers. These weekly sessions (held during teaching weeks) will provide you with a space to ask questions, discuss coursework, and explore the programming concepts you learn in class. Your tutor will be there to guide you, answer questions, and offer valuable support as you navigate your studies. The PTs are all students as well, just like yourself! They would have been in your exact same position not too long ago, so please ask them anything that you may be uncertain about!

The Senior Programming Tutors, including myself (Peter), Sara, Harsh and Ari, are also here to help - we organise the Programming Tutor programme and are responsible for the smooth running of the scheme as a whole. Please don't hesitate to contact us at [cs.senior-programming-tutors@ucl.ac.uk](mailto:cs.senior-programming-tutors@ucl.ac.uk) with any suggestions, or alternatively have your PT pass it onto us!

But remember, UCL isn’t just about studying – there’s so much to explore in both UCL and London! Make the most of your time here by meeting new people and getting involved. 🌍

Best of luck, and welcome to the UCL CS community! 🥳
